Revisit choreo-connect log configuration docs (#5357)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/configurations/configure-logs-adapter.md

# Adapter Log Configurations

> The log configurations for adapter are located in the log_config.toml file in the directory of `<CHOREO-CONNECT_HOME>/docker-compose/<choreo-connect>/conf/`.

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/wso2/docs-apim/pull/5357/commits/4681da56484b9296768a350aab44df5936c04cb7

```

JSON
``` json
{"error_code":1601,"file":"subscription.go:138","func":"eventhub.LoadSubscriptionData","level":"error","msg":"Error occurred while fetching data from control plane: Get \"https://apim:9443/internal/data/v1/subscriptions\": dial tcp 127.0.0.1:9443: connect: connection refused","severity":"Major","time":"2022-02-24 12:09:49"}
```

Additionally, you can set the log file rotation for adapter can be configured using the following configs.

``` toml
[rotation]
MaxSize = 10 # In MegaBytes (MB)
MaxBackups = 3
MaxAge =  2   # In days
Compress = true
```

## Adapter package level configurations

Following configurations can be used to override the root level configurations in package level.

``` toml
## Adapter package Level configurations

[[pkg]]
name = "github.com/wso2/product-microgateway/adapter/internal/adapter"
logLevel = "INFO" # LogLevels can be "DEBG", "FATL", "ERRO", "WARN", "INFO", "PANC"

[[pkg]]
name = "github.com/wso2/product-microgateway/adapter/internal/oasparser"
logLevel = "INFO"
```

!!! note

>     `LogFormat` cannot be configured at package level

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/wso2/docs-apim/pull/5357/commits/4681da56484b9296768a350aab44df5936c04cb7

# Adapter Log Configurations

> The log configurations file for the adapter is located in [these directories]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/configurations/configure-logs-overview/#log_config_toml) based on your Choreo Connect deployment method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The log configurations file for the Adapter is located in [these directories]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/configurations/configure-logs-overview/#log_config_toml) based on your Choreo Connect deployment method.
```

> Sample for adapter log configurations is looks like follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample for adapter log configurations looks similar to the following.
```

> The sample for adapter log configurations looks similar to the following.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample for Adapter log configurations looks similar to the following.
```

``` toml
# The logging configuration for Adapter

## Adapter root Level configurations

logfile = "logs/adapter.log"
logLevel = "INFO"
LogFormat = "TEXT"

[rotation]
MaxSize = 10    # In MegaBytes (MB)
MaxBackups = 3
MaxAge =  2   # In days
Compress = true

## Adapter package Level configurations

[[pkg]]
name = "github.com/wso2/product-microgateway/adapter/internal/adapter"
logLevel = "INFO"

[[pkg]]
name = "github.com/wso2/product-microgateway/adapter/internal/oasparser"
logLevel = "INFO"
```

## Adapter root Level configurations

<table>
    <thead>
        <tr class="header">
            <th>Property</th>
            <th>Description</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr class="odd">
            <td><code>logfile</code></td>
            <td>The file, which will be created inside the container for writting logs.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr class="even">
            <td><code>logLevel</code></td>

>             <td>Upto which level, the logs should be printed. If this is set under root level, it will be applied through all packages, unless specified in package log levels. LogLevels can be <code>"DEBG"</code>, <code>"FATL"</code>, <code>"ERRO"</code>, <code>"WARN"</code>, <code>"INFO"</code>, <code>"PANC"</code></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <td>Upto which level the logs should be printed. If this is set under root level, it will be applied through all packages unless specified in package log levels. LogLevels can be <code>"DEBG"</code>, <code>"FATL"</code>, <code>"ERRO"</code>, <code>"WARN"</code>, <code>"INFO"</code>, <code>"PANC"</code></td>
```

        </tr>
        <tr class="odd">
            <td><code>LogFormat</code></td>
            <td><p>Format of the logs printed. Log formats can be <code>"TEXT"</code>, <code>"JSON"</code></p>
                <div class="admonition note">
                    <p class="admonition-title">Note</p>
                    <p><code>JSON</code> format can be used as the formalized log format, which can be used for automated processing of logs.</p>
                </div>
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr class="even">
            <td><code>[rotation].MaxSize</code></td>
            <td>MaxSize is the maximum size in megabytes of the log file before it gets rotated. It defaults to 10 megabytes.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr class="odd">
            <td><code>[rotation].MaxAge</code></td>
            <td>MaxAge is the maximum number of days to retain old log files based on the timestamp encoded in their filename.  Note that a day is defined as 24 hours and may not exactly correspond to calendar days due to daylight savings, leap seconds, etc. The default is set as 2 days.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr class="even">
            <td><code>[rotation].MaxBackups</code></td>

>             <td>MaxBackups is the maximum number of old log files to retain.  The default is to retain 3 old log files (though MaxAge may still cause them to get deleted.)</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <td>MaxBackups is the maximum number of old log files to retain. The default is to retain 3 old log files (though MaxAge may still cause them to get deleted).</td>
```
